Change bpftrace flag outputs from stderr to stdout (#3463) (#3678)
bpftrace/bpftrace: CHANGELOG.md

- Pointers may now be used in if conditions, tenary conditions and as operands in logical AND and OR expressions
  - [#3656](https://github.com/bpftrace/bpftrace/pull/3656)
#### Changed

> - Change bpftrace flag outputs from stderr to stdout

Reviewer: nit: we're really only changing it for --help

> - Change bpftrace flag outputs from stderr to stdout

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Change bpftrace help flag output from stderr to stdout
```

Author: Alright, I will make the changes.
